docs: Update Docker.md to specify new default files and directories (#7561)
frankframework/frankframework: Docker.md

| /usr/local/tomcat/conf/server.xml          | mount/copy of your server.xml                        | Contains the default server.xml of Tomcat, replace to secure your application                                                                                            |
| /usr/local/tomcat/conf/catalina.properties | Server properties, contains default framework values | Do not replace this file, use [Environment variables](#Environment-variables) or append to the file, see [Dockerfile](docker/appserver/Tomcat/Dockerfile) for an example |

## Logging

Generated log files are stored in `/usr/local/tomcat/logs`.

In some cases you might want to change the log appenders, for example to log to stdout. Refer to the [Frank!Framework Manual: Custom Logging](https://frank-manual.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deploying/customLogging.html#custom-logging) for more information.

## Environment variables

Environment variables can be used to set properties. Environment variables have the highest precedence and override
application properties set in .property files supplied by Tomcat, resources and configurations.

> Environment variables can also be used to replace properties set inside Tomcat configuration files such as `resources.yml` and `server.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though you probably do not need to touch these file, because of the CredentialProvider, environment variables can also be used to replace properties set inside Tomcat specific configuration files such as `server.xml` and `context.xml`.
```
